Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with Annabelle Jewelers. Our top
stories, Asian stocks edging high with
investor sentiment getting a boost from
US progress on deals with China and
other major trading partners. Beijing,
meanwhile, warning that it will
retaliate if other countries sign tariff
deals with Washington that damage its
interests. Plus, following its success
at this year's Beijing Marathon, Chinese
robotics maker Notic talks to us
exclusively about expansion plans and
efforts to get androids to help out at
home.
[Music]
Well, happy Monday to everyone this
morning and really it is a fairly happy
Monday actually because we've got
equities that are moving higher to start
the week. It is very much the countdown
to to these trade or or tariffs that are
set to resume. So, we've got 10 days to
go until those country specific duties
are set to to kick off again. The White
House is looking like it's going to be
coming up short essentially on sil
signing rather a raft of different
global trade reforms. But still this
morning we've got optimism with certain
tra trading partners in focus. The nica
you can see there moving 1.5% to the
upside. Japan's top negotiator has
extended his stay in the US. So further
trade talks again ahead of that July 9
deadline. So that is one of the the
reasons for optimistic this morning. Uh
India for instance and this is according
to sources familiar with the matter but
possibly another trade contingent that
has extended their stay in Washington.
So on Friday we actually saw US stocks
rising to a fresh all-time high. It's
the first time we've seen that going
back to February of this year. And
again, that's translating if you take a
look at how Asian equities have been
fairing over the past few months. We
actually do have those rising now back
to levels we haven't seen since
September 2021. Of course, the question
is what happens as we get close to that
deadline when we see a lot of these
deals actually haven't been signed. A
lot of the details are still yet to be
worked out as well. But still, when you
take a look at how Chinese futures are
fairing today, again, you see a little
bit more optimism ahead of the open, I
think China's going to be one to watch
very closely as well because we got the
PMI figures that are due later this hour
and that actually could show the effects
of that trade truce that was signed in
Geneva again having an economic impact.
Yeah, the last two months we saw a
contraction. Maybe we'll see a different
picture here just given that we did see
that 90-day reprieve. So, we'll see how
that trade truce impacts the data in any
way. But as Mel mentioned, there is just
10 days to go before President Trump's
country specific tariffs are set to
resume. And the White House looks to be
poised if he falls short of the sweeping
global trade reforms that are promised.
For more, let's bring in our team. Our
news desk editor Jill D is joining us
along with our chief North Asia
correspondent Engel. Jill, I'll start
with you. Give us a progress report.
Where are we right now? Yeah, well, I
think as Belle mentioned, um certainly
there's some uh question about some
countries that may be um nearing some of
those closer deadlines. You're looking
at um you know India obviously um you
know staying in DC to try to negotiate
something. Trump has also kind of hinted
that there might be something um coming
on the India front. Uh you know as we
mentioned Japan also extending those
negotiations. Um we've also heard from
other economies looking at Indonesia,
Taiwan as um potentials that could be
nearing some kind of trade deals. But I
would also just say there's um you know
obviously tons of uncertainty around
this and also um maybe unsurprisingly
some conflicting information coming from
uh the from Washington over this. You've
got uh Trump's Treasury Secretary Scott
Bessant who said you know what um even
if uh you know some of these places are
negotiating in good faith. Maybe you
keep that 10% baseline tariff while they
continue to work through some of those
negotiations and then you've got uh
Donald Trump himself coming out and
saying we can do whatever we want. we
can put, you know, 25% tariffs on on
people if we want. So, I mean, obviously
like kind of um, you know, playing
around with this idea of um, you know,
we'll have to see how much of this
actually gets negotiated before that
July 9th deadline, but it does seem like
at least there's some kind of discussion
within the administration over the
possibility of something extending a
little bit further. I'd also point out
that for a lot of these countries, um,
they might be a little bit reluctant to
jump into another trade deal. you look
at um you know what's already happened
with China with um I I actually point to
the UK um which you know reached that
partial trade deal just a couple of
weeks ago but then uh the Trump
administration kept some of those um you
know other levies on things like steel
and aluminum and such and so if you're
one of these nations that's nearing this
trade deadline on these this reciprocal
tariff front um you still might be
pretty worried about uh you know whether
other sectoral tariffs might actually
come into play there's still some open
uh US commerce department investigations
so obviously a lot that's happening
here, but I wouldn't be surprised if you
see, you know, some of these
negotiations just continue to get drawn
up past that deadline as they try to
button up everything up just right.
Yeah. And of course, how exactly the the
the US negotiates with Beijing and and
the contours that that deal ends up
taking are really important. But
President Trump actually had this to say
about the negotiations that are ongoing.
China is going to be paying a lot of
tariffs, but we have a big deficit. They
understand that. that have a great
relationship with President Xi. We have
to do something about the deficit
because we have a big trade deficit with
China.
So Steve, we've we've got some basic
sense that, you know, they're working
toward an accord, but still there are
just so many details that are unknown at
this point as well. Yeah, there's plenty
of room for the China US deal to go
pear-shaped. Definitely. it did after of
course Geneva London kind of got things
back uh on the right track but again uh
there's unless they're talking
nitty-gritty details they're not
revealing a lot of those details and
those specifics uh that there are
opportunities because again who moves
first right so the way Howard Lutnick
has talked about it and Scott Besson
have talked about it is that okay if
China expedites the export licensing
process for these rare earths and rare
earth magnets uh then we will do the
corresponding moves and remove some of
those restrictions that they add on the
export front to China and China's
Ministry of Foreign Affairs essentially
I think it was Ministry of Foreign
Affairs or maybe it was MAFcom they
basically essentially that's the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs Mofcom uh
essentially they confirmed the framework
deal and the the parameters of that but
at the same time we did see and it was
the Ministry of Commerce they issued a
statement on Saturday after the
confirmation on Friday that this
framework deal had been agreed to. They
said China firmly opposes any country
reaching trade agreements with the US
that would sacrifice China's interests
in exchange for tariff relief and then
promise those uh unspecified counter
measures. So again there's already
building in this yes we agree to this
but you need to act in good faith as
well. So again, who moves first? Because
there's already some reports that those
export licensing uh issues in China on
the rare earth maybe not moving as fast
as the as Washington feels they were
promised. Does that make sense? So
again, there's there's plenty of room
now that they've kind of put uh that
agreement on the shelf while the White
House focuses on the next 10 days on all
the other countries in the world that
you know agreement with China could go
again. And I use the term pear-shaped.
What What is some of the I guess we've
been talking about low hanging fruit,
right? I think fentinel tariffs. I think
people have said that's probably the
more likely sort of you know where
tariff levels can come down. Yeah. And I
spent the last two weeks in China and
the sense that I got in the people that
I spoke to at the World Economic Forum,
Summer Davos, is that yes, the fentanyl
issue is something China's already
verbally said they're going to be making
their steps to hopefully allay the
concern of Washington. that's been
widely considered
an issue that could be reached on
fentanel. It would just take China
saying we're going to do this, this, and
this and then they do it. But they're
also holding back uh that card as well.
But uh again, watch what Wangi does in
Europe. Uh he's going to be there today.
He's spending seven days in Europe until
next Sunday, July 6th. And obviously
there are issues will no doubt between
the EU and China on the trade front. The
trade surplus with the EU jumped about
23% in the first five months of this
year. Lots of I mean Ursula Leanderan
has been outspoken about China
weaponizing its trade positions on
critical supply chains alluding to rare
earths. The European Union needs those
rare earth batteries as well. EVs is a
big sensitive issue and you have the EU
China summit coming up in Beijing I
believe at the end of this month or the
end of July 24th 25th. So lots to be
discussed Jill the the major economies
get a lot of the attention China or
Japan or even India but but what about
the the more medium or smaller players
as well? What happens to them especially
because they would be disproportionately
impacted some would say and this was
supposed to be a global trade reform.
Yes. Uh that's right. I think that at
this point um there's still a lot of
uncertainty over what happens with a lot
of those places. I'm looking at you know
Indonesia, Vietnam, particularly a lot
of those um you know places in Southeast
Asia just because uh they were slapped
with um really massive reciprocal
tariffs back in April. Obviously those
have been uh sort of delayed for the
time being. what the um Trump
administration has kind of indicated, we
saw this from uh Howard Lutnik when he
was speaking with us um you know just at
the end of last week saying well there's
going to be a set of buckets and um you
know different countries are going to be
you know sort of folded into different
buckets and they'll fall behind in these
like 10 or so categories or so.
Obviously not incredibly sure what that
means until we actually see everything
hammered out. Um but the the upside of
that is that okay maybe you get these um
you know more um specifically tailored
trade deals with a lot of um the the
Washington's like larger trade partners.
So again Japan, India, you know so on
and so forth. But then some of these
other countries might just be kind of
like retrofitted into some of these
areas. Again really difficult to tell
without knowing exactly what the trade
framework looks like. But, uh, what that
does tell us is that, you know, I mean,
um, unless, um, you know, we're seeing
you, you know, specific push pushing in
for like, you know, sort sort of like
these very, um, specific trade deals.
It's really tough to know what's going
to happen to some of those guys. And I
think, you know, maybe they're really
really watching that July uh, 9th
deadline with a lot of interest. Yeah,
it's why I find it so interesting that
markets are moving high today even
though you've got so many uncertainties
on the horizon. But that's Jill Dus
there, Bloomberg's news desk editor and
as well our chief North Asia
correspondent, Steven Angel. And for
further insight on where these
negotiations stand, Bloomberg has got a
really great interview coming up with
the US Treasury Secretary Scott Besson
later today. You can catch that
interview at the times on your screen.
And we're counting down, of course, the
open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
Hong Kong. This is the China Show. Happy
Monday.
[Music]
It's shaping up to be a pretty busy week
here in the region. And take a look at
what's kicking off first is that June
PMI coming out of China at the bottom of
this hour. So what to watch out for
there as well. Cintra that certainly is
a focus among central bankers there. But
you do have the likes of Jay Powell and
Christine Lagard uh as well as the BOJ
governor there speaking at that banking
forum. So looking for any signs of that
doubbishness that markets are really
pricing in when it comes to the Fed here
right now. That Tongan survey in Japan
coming through here. We have some Taiing
PMI numbers coming through later on this
week as well. Inflation out of South
Korea. And to wrap up the week, it's
like a nice little bow. A nice jobs
report from the US too, Bill. Yeah,
that's right. really going to be
watching that jobs report really
closely. Is the labor market taking any
hit? Yeah. And what does that mean for
the Fed uh Fed in particular? I think
markets are hoping for maybe a softer
sort of print just to confirm what we've
been seeing, what we've been hearing uh
from Fed officials about possibly rate
cuts as early as July. We'll see if it
confirms that in any way. Let's bring in
Joshua Crab, head of Asia Pacific
Equities at Robico, joining us here in
our Hong Kong studio. Joshua, it's
always great to have you. I take a look
at what this war in the Middle East
seems everything seems to be reducing,
right? the geopolitical uncertainty.
Expectations of these imminent trade
deals are happening. It seems like all
is stable once again. Is this a big tail
risk or tailwind I should say for
equities or is it more complacency right
now? Well, I think with the US at all
time highs, everyone everyone's happy.
Um, you know, markets are in in a good
place. You would have thought, you know,
a conflict in the Middle East would have
had markets a lot lower than where they
are now. Uh, and I think that's just the
sort of backdrop that we have. I mean,
for me, I think that's a time to be a
little bit more wary. uh you know I
think valuations do matter at an
all-time highs. Geopolitic issues are
still around. Tariff negotiations are
still ongoing. So I do think one needs
to have a degree of caution in the way
they're looking at markets at the
moment. Yeah, there's really two kind of
different currents because on the one
hand, yeah, as you say, we've got US
stocks that are doing really well back
at all-time highs for the first time
since February. That doesn't mean that
people are sort of talking about US
exceptionalism
resparking once again. It still seems
like the narrative is that there are
other alternatives. Yeah. Yeah, and I
think this is the interesting um you
know question for this part of the
world. I mean clearly we have US back to
towards all-time highs. Valuations are
at the higher end of uh you know of the
long-term history whereas in this part
of the world they're not. And I think
one of the the questions we've had and
if we cast our mind back to 8 weeks ago
when everyone's very concerned about US
equity markets, people were concerned
about the valuations. We've seen
probably a doubling of ownership of US
equities over the last decade. people
are starting to think about alternatives
and I think that's something that could
be very positive for this region. It's
been a long time since we've seen uh
concerted efforts coming back into these
markets with concerns around the dollar
with concerns around US inflation uh
with concerns around you know the safety
of of US bonds. I think Asia does offer
you know a plethora of interesting alpha
opportunities at the moment. Yeah. What
are the winners and losers you think
from this waning US exceptionalism?
Yeah. Well clearly we saw at the
beginning of the year a bit of a flight
to safety. So we saw that going into
places like Europe clearly if we look at
markets uh you know like whether that's
um Japan or we look at markets like
Taiwan we've seen a bit of that flight
to safety and we've seen that happen in
the currencies as well. If I think about
that over a slightly longer term
perspective, irrespective of the market
direction, there's a lot of
opportunities out here. You know, if you
are concerned about markets, you can
look at the likes of Japan and Korea,
you know, relatively cheap markets,
self-help stories, you know, return to
buybacks, increasing dividends. If
people do get concerned around the US
dollar, you have stable markets or
stable currencies like the yen, uh, like
the Singapore dollar, like the
Australian dollar. And if you do want to
get optimistic about growth again,
you've got India and Southeast Asia. So
you really do have a number of
opportunities sitting there for you.
What what's your view on on China as
well? Because that's another market I
think we've got a graphic we can show,
but it's we're looking at the second
quarter of gains for instance for the
MSEI China. Again, many of these markets
are going back to to multimonuh levels.
Yeah, I think it's one of those
interesting ones, right? We all know
some of the negative stories around
tariffs. It's some of these type of
issues, but the valuations of close back
down to sort of those floor levels. And
if you sort of look at that where the
forward P and the market has got below
10 times, that's always been a buying
sort of uh you know, signal for that
sort of market. So for us, I think even
if you're going to take uh concern over
some of the longer term, there are going
to be trading opportunities that sit
within that. But the other thing I think
is also more important is if we think
about the market at the moment, people
are not that not that optimistic.
They're not looking for those really
good stories. And we've seen a number of
those pop up over the last uh you know 6
to 12 months. Some of these stocks doing
very very well because the underlying
fundamentals are very strong and they're
not dependent on the market. So we think
that that stock level opportunity still
sits there. Why do you think there's
still the hesitation? Right. We we we
hear from you know funds managers and
the like and these long only funds are
saying people are getting more
interested in China but they're not
completely leaning overweight right now.
What what do you think is still kind of
the outstanding issues? Yeah, I think a
lot of people sit back and we know we're
having a transition here and this is not
a simple transition. You know, we've had
investment, we've had real estate, we've
had a number of these exports that have
been driving the economy and we're
slowly making that transition either up
the value chain in manufacturing or to
more consumption uh led sort of growth
and that does take time. Um, you know,
everyone is aware of some of the
longerterm issues like demographics and
people just want to get their mindset
around that. Now what's been interesting
is I think we've seen about 13 quarters
of of negative earnings revisions in
that market and last quarter we actually
saw that starting to bottom out and pick
up again and I think that's what is
driving that interest. The simple
reality is if the market does well and
earnings start picking up people's
interest will will pick up again as
well. Just a note we just had the yuan
reference rate coming out so a lot
stronger than the estimate. So 71586 the
estimate had been for 71704 but I want
to talk about the the trade talks
because today we've got that optimism
that that we're looking ahead to some
major trade deals being signed possibly
Japan possibly India as well but still
there's there's a lot of unknowns as to
whether we actually get the the number
of deals that the US is talking about
and whether the contours of the deals
are are clear enough as well. How do you
trade between now and then and also once
we do get those deals again being
announced? Trade negotiations have
changed, right? I mean the reality is is
is these days about starting at extremes
and moving in towards the middle.
Negotiations are much more public than
they used to be and as a result I think
you're seeing those quite dramatic sort
of moves in markets and those sort of
extreme reactions around this. I think
the reality is we all know there's a
certain point where deals do need to be
done um that you know that's otherwise
the economy falls it falls in a bit of a
halt. So over the next couple of weeks,
I think we'll see more and more of those
start to happen. There will be some
relative losers and some relative a
relative gainers in that. But I do think
we will get to an appropriate outcome in
the end. Where do you have the most
conviction right now in the region if
you look at all the themes you're
saying, you know, Korea still has that
value up sort of thing. Japan you're
still kind of slightly pretty positive
about, but there's it's things are
looking a little bit more nuanced now, I
feel like, in that market. Yeah, I it's
an interesting time. I said when markets
get up to these sort of like valuation
highs I think it's a time where I tend
to think a little bit more neutral to
sort of country and sector level um but
as you sort of said I mean Korea is an
interesting one right we had the sort of
martial law event last year it all sort
off people were pessimistic uh we've had
a change in leadership we haven't had
that negative side of things come
through markets now yeah exactly we've
had the positive side things like the
changes in the commercial act etc so we
do think there is a lot of latent value
sitting there again it's going to be
very driven by bottom up where that
value sits and where the changes are
happening So we think that looks
interesting. I think some of the
Southeast Asian markets again there's a
few headwinds at a macro level but the
likes of Indonesia and stuff are still
very very cheap. Um you know they don't
necessarily take off straight away but I
would definitely keep an eye on some of
those. And India um you know India is
one of those markets that had traded at
a bit of a very premium valuation and
that has come back sort of people have
turned a little bit more I guess
pessimistic on that sort of market but
the long-term growth is sitting there.
Huge broad market we think there's going
to be selective opportunities in that as
well. So the takeaway for me is don't
think so much around you know how much
beer you want to have on big bets on
markets. Just look for those really good
stock ideas where the valuations are are
you know are sitting at reasonable
levels and I think that will be the
opportunity over the next 6 months or
so. All right Joshua thank you much for
joining us this morning. That was Joshua
Crab there head of Asia Pacific Equities
at Rebecca and we are counting down to
the start of trade just under 10 minutes
away from now but futures are looking a
little bit muted really. we do actually
see Asian equities broadly moving
higher. Uh, of course, it's that big
countdown to the PMI data as well that's
about to be released and will that show
any impact of that trade truce or those
trade negotiations in Geneva coming
through into the numbers as well. But
we'll have plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right. And here's your agenda here
today. As we talked about, Wongi is in
Europe and talking to of course our
counterparts when it comes to uh trade
and the like here. Also, we're watching
those June PMI numbers coming out in
just about 6 minutes time or so. And
we're watching these new listings in
Hong Kong as well. And seafood stocks,
right? We did see some movement when it
comes to China and Japan. So certainly
maybe we'll see some movement in some of
these stocks here this morning. In terms
of what we're seeing in superlatives, we
talk about it has been quite a
turnaround when it comes to Chinese
equities. And as we wrap up the quarter,
we wrap up June, we're looking at some
pretty decent milestones, right? So MCI
China, a second quarter of gains there.
CSI 300 also in similar measure. Uh the
Shanghai Composite has the best months
since September. and tech really getting
that revival and animal spirits coming
back to the sector. We're talking about
the best month since February for the
HStech and watching very still the
property side of things which is still
going the opposite direction. Uh but
still we also snapped through that
threemon slump uh when it comes to that
particular index as well. Yeah, a bit of
a rising tide that's lifting all boats
perhaps. But I think it's really
interesting when you take a look at
those tech dynamics and the southbound
flows into Hong Kong. Actually, you've
also started to see a bit of a shift
from investors that had been putting
their money into names like Tencen,
Alibaba, and Xiaomi also going into new
consumption names instead. So, we'll get
to that in just a moment. But here,
taking a look what we're expecting for
the open. Again, fairly mixed so far,
but we do have those PMI readings coming
out in just a couple of minutes. uh
taking a look though those analyst
actions because we said that shift into
new consumption. Uh some of the names
that really stand out today it's Mishu
for instance they're getting a new buy a
pretty big upside that they're seeing as
well because the stocks around 500 Hong
Kong dollars a piece right now and then
also taking a look at the EV space
because Lee Auto has just got a
reinstated buy northeast securities and
interesting because they just cut their
forecast for vehicle deliveries in the
second half of this year. Yep. And due
to those analyst upgrades, we are seeing
Mitri stock up just slightly here this
morning. But yeah, then again, we're
still waiting for that key data coming
through from China in just a few moments
time. But we're up about 7/10en of 1%
for MRIA. But yeah, that's quite a a
price target move from China. I believe
it's still 30% above uh current levels
here right now. All right, we got the
open coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. This morning we are counting down
to the open of markets and we are
looking for a fairly steady start this
morning. Of course really the big event
that traders are watching out for as
well. The PMI readings that are about to
drop in just a couple of moments from
now. This could be a period where we see
a rebound or it has been a period in the
month of June where we've seen a rebound
in shipments actually started of course
in midMay when we had those trade talks
and that trade truce that was signed or
agreed in Geneva. So the question is do
we see the official gauge for
manufacturing moving back into expansion
territory? Uber economics is thinking we
might see actually a more positive
number here. The the economists are
still thinking maybe another month of
contraction, but certainly it'll be
interesting to see if we do see the
export side of things pick up in the
month of June. Take a look at how
markets are. It's pretty slow and quiet
here this morning. And you're seeing
that at the open here. We're pretty flat
when it comes to CSI 300. But then
again, we're talking about potentially
heading into a second quarter of gains
for MSEI China and a sixmonthly gain in
the past seven for that gauge and and
even the CSI 300 is seeing a second
monthly gain as well. So, we're in a
decent spot when it comes to equities
there. You take a look at how Shanghai
crude is. We continue to see a little
bit uh of of the drop there, but yes, do
we have the PMI data though? We just got
the PMI numbers coming out and actually
we're still above that key 50 line for
the manufacturing reading. So it's a
very slight improvement from the month
prior but coming in at 49.7. The prior
one had been 49.5. So again still under
that key 50 level that indicates going
into expansionary territory as well for
the non-manufacturing or the services
side. We've actually held above 50
coming in at 50.5. That is a slight
improvement as well from the month prior
50.3. But this is going against the
grain I guess of what some economists
like our Bloomberg economics team have
been expecting given we have had a
rebound in shipments and that trade
truce that kicked off in miday still you
know weakness in those figures. Yep. So
that certainly is um a slight
disappointment you say but still it was
still better than expected in just
slightly though. Uh watching very
closely what rem does here. Obviously
leading up to this data we did see quite
a bit of strength uh and a drop in
dollar China. That fix from the PBOC was
quite telling as well at 71586.
So another nudge I guess for that
strength in the currency. So we'll see
if we see the onshore rate sort of catch
up to that here this morning. But then
again, yes, as you mentioned, uh
certainly there's a lot to talk about
with with the numbers and what this all
means. Let's bring in Grace, senior
China economist at JP Morgan. She joins
us now. It seems like despite this trade
truce, these numbers are still looking
pretty soft. What's your take? Yeah, I
think uh we got to look at the bigger
picture, right? So, if you look back to
the past couple of months, um we saw the
policy macro policy um uh u uh
improvement in the September last year
and that has actually together with some
front loading of activity in the first
quarter caused some pretty solid data in
the fourth quarter of last year and the
first quarter of this year. So we have
always been of the view that with the
trade uh tariff uh issue with the US and
uh increasing uncertainty on the
external side uh we will have growth
moderating into the second quarter. The
uh trade truths um in Geneva and the
London talk was helpful um to de
deescalate the tariff um conflicts but
anyway the underlying momentum has been
uh on a moderating trend. So our
baseline has indeed been looking for the
sequential growth of the Chinese economy
to slow from about 6.6% on a
quarteronquarter analyzeed basis in the
first quarter to about 3.5 in the second
quarter and then further slow to 3% in
the third quarter. And I I think that
the PMI numbers are actually pretty much
in line with what we are looking for in
terms of the economy's moderating
momentum. What would be the key factor
then to shift at in the other direction?
Is it is it inflation picking up? Is it
consumption picking up? What's what's
most concerning to you right now given
it seems like the worst of the property
sector slump could be if not behind us
at least it seems to be happening around
now. Yeah indeed I think the um there
are diverging trends in the different
pers of the economy that we have seen
especially over the past two three
months um in that the external sector
you have the uh tariff drag um
especially China's exports to the US was
down 40% in April and uh May um and then
on the domestic front you do see pretty
mixed performance in that the areas
getting policy support the tradein
subsidy um the equipment upgrade support
those centers were actually doing pretty
Well, um but then you do have the
ongoing drag coming from the housing
sector which is yet to bottom out and
then consumer sentiments outside of the
policy support areas were still um on
along kind of um historical low. So in
that sense I think um in terms of where
um policy focus is going forward um for
this year in particular domestic support
um consumption support is indeed very
important in that regard and our view
has been that um what we have seen in
recent months in terms of the subsidy uh
for consumer durables autos and so on
they are good and they have shown some
impact but the effect will fade out
going into um fourth quarter end the
year. So what you need to see is further
step up on policy support and
particularly on services consumption
because how yeah how to do so because
everyone's thinking those subsidies are
going to fade in the second half. We've
seen local governments also struggling
to actually continue on some of these
coupons and the like. So so what is sort
of the policy subscription for the
consumption space moving forward? Yeah.
So in terms of the um consumer coupons
um a consumer subsidy a trade-in subsidy
part we have seen the government
basically coming in with the third
trunch um of support announced last
week. So that will continue but the
incremental impact will gradually fade.
So what we are hoping to see is
increasing policy support for service
consumption and you have actually seen
recently uh POC together with other
government departments um uh
recommending coming up with new
structural um monetary polic policy
tools such as rellanding facility and so
on to support the uh relevant service
consumption such as elderly care such as
um tourism such as um entertainment um
and so on. And in our view further
liberalization of the service sectors
are important and also um support on
social security especially for the
lowincome households uh such as
increasing um the uh pension for the
basic lowincome households uh would be
helpful and then um further policy
attention on where that we may get some
support for say um uh um uh uh giving
birth to new um u child birth support
and that would also be uh important to
watch out for that that welfare support,
that support as well for the services
sector, I think points to what you're
also highlighting as a key risk for the
second half, which is a rise in
unemployment. I mean, how bad could it
get? Yeah, indeed. I think it is pretty
difficult to read from the official data
because your um uh urban unemployment
rate has been relatively stable. But
what we are concerned is that uh while
we do talk about u trade deescalation um
however if you look at the absolute
level of US tariff on Chinese imports is
um increased by 30% compared to end of
last year. that will in one way or
another have a negative impact on the
export sector and that will have
negative impact on um overall employment
and then you have the young graduates
coming into the market uh going into uh
July and August that will add further
pressure onto the labor market. So in
that sense yeah we do see it is very
important um to come in with more policy
support especially for service setups
because service sectors are more labor
intensive as we all know that will
provide some um support for job creation
hopefully are we likely to see any sort
of announcements in the polip bureau
meeting in July then I mean the
assumption seems to be if we're going to
get some sort of trade deal with the US
maybe we don't need that much stimulus
what's that's exactly um where we
believe will be the situation as in uh
we do have the trade deescal ation and
stabilization in the external sector at
least in terms of trade policy
development and we are actually quite
likely to get rather decent GDP number
at least for the first half of the year.
So we are looking for about 5.2%
year-on-year growth for the first half
of the year which is indeed not bad
compared to the government's 5% growth
target. So in that sense going into the
July polar meeting, if you just look at
um external polic uh trade tariff
development, if you just look at GDP
numbers and so on, the urgency for
coming up with incremental policy
support is not that bad. So in that
sense, we probably need to wait a little
bit further say into end of third
quarter or fourth quarter um to um uh
observe the uh the the the likelihood of
additional policy support.
Um, also when it comes to the REMB, I
have to get your take on it given the
strength that we've seen of late. Why do
you think the PBC is leaning more
towards the strength now? I would say it
is perhaps more on the direction of the
US dollar as we have seen general um um
uh weakening in the US dollar trend and
our global strategist team have are
continuing to look for the soften trend
in the US dollar to go on. So in that
regard indeed if you look at the rimb by
itself um while it has stabilized and it
has strengthened a little bit compared
to its regional peers right the other
Asian uh currencies um it trend is
actually not that um uh uh significant
um so in trade weighted basis compared
to the beginning of the year the rumin
is still down something like 5% or so so
in that sense it is more a reflection of
the uh US dollar weakening trend and
that actually helps U with the PBOC as
in it generally would like to see a
stable uh rem. All right, Grace. Thank
you, Grace. And there, senior China
economist at JP Morgan. Uh we're taking
a look at some movers that we're seeing
in this market here this morning. Um
certainly there is some movement when it
comes to lens tech. This is the Apple
supplier. U they are seeking a uh Hong
Kong listing for uh there in the city.
So we're seeing the stock in the Asia
market up some 9/10en of 1%. Uh Forier,
this is also one that's also looking at
a Hong Kong listing there. So offering
about 16.3 million shares there as well.
And we're watching some of the the chip
names here this morning as well.
Certainly we are seeing quite a bit of
movement in the tech space and today
chips are doing quite well. Bel. Yeah,
that's right. And actually there's been
some reporting out that that China's big
fund 3 is shifting its focus to address
key shortcomings shortcomings in in
sectors like semiconductor design
software for instance. So it's all about
that push towards self-reliancy. But it
does also fit with the broader theme
that you see globally given we've seen
US stocks hitting back to February highs
and the NASDAQ was very much part of
that toward the end of last week. But
there some of the movers there you can
see again SMIC Hua Wong semi really
standing out on the tech front. But a
reminder as well a big event coming up
this week is the CRA forum and you can
see live coverage of the massive
monetary policy panel with top central
bankers from J PAL Christine Lagard
waiter as well from Japan on Tuesday
that's coming from the ECB forum in
Portugal. It's going to be moderated by
our very own Francine Lacqua at 9:30
p.m. That's Hong Kong time. We'll have
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. Former Hong Kong stock
exchange chief Charles Lee plans to list
his new fund, Microcon, on the borch
this year. If successful, it would mark
the city's first investment fund IPO in
nearly 15 years. The fund aims to
support small businesses across China,
Southeast Asia, Latin America, and the
US. Meanwhile, Hong Exchange saw a wave
of weekend IPO filings from biotech
firms Bliss Bio and Hjo Dioens to hotel
giant Jin Jang. Well, this is uh also
still sort of sticking in this space.
Investors becoming very wary over the
global stable coin craze that seen
massive gains in shares of companies
linked to the emerging technology. Let's
get more of that. Asia equities reporter
Sangi Cha joining us this morning and
and Smi, I was I've been hearing people
are saying that stable coins are the new
meme coins and there's just so much
issuance now. There's so much concern
really as well. But what exactly is
going on? Yeah, it's a global trend uh
that we're seeing, you know, after um
the vocal backing from President Trump
um circle internet group rose about 600%
um in the past three weeks since its New
York debut, right? And we've seen that
trend happen all all across the world.
We've seen that in Korea, especially
when the new president said he is going
to allow issuance of some of these uh
tokens by the private companies like
Kaka Pay. are talking about them because
they uh filed some of that uh trademarks
uh that can actually uh that that would
ultimately um make them you know
eligible to issue some of these coins
and not just that but we've seen some of
the similar trends in Hong Kong but
because they approved this bill in May
that could um you know be similar to
that genius act that we have seen in the
US. So it's still waiting for that
clearance in in the house but it's again
um a lot of there are a lot of talks
about what are some of the frameworks
around these tokens that is pecked to
other assets like the dollar so it's
going to be one denominated uh stable
coin in Korea for instance um so it's it
does have the stability for payments and
crossber uh transactions but again there
are a lot of questions to whether they
can be sustainable so despite getting
the backings from Trump from the South
Korean president. You mentioned about
some of these risks. Highlight what the
risks are. Yeah. Well, the Korean uh
bank of Korea actually said that uh this
could hamper a lot of that monetary
policy that the country actually wants
to put forth because of a lot of these
uh just complexities in this in this
space. And also we've seen uh similar uh
similar warnings echoed by the bank of
um international settlements that said
it's just unclear the future of these st
stable coins are unclear because they
cannot technically replace the money
that we're using. Um so there's a lot of
these questions and a lot of the traders
that we've talked to when seeing that
kaka pay tumble uh so much um 17% on
Friday and it's tumbling again today. uh
they're they're seeing that a lot of
these related stocks may have you know
just gone ahead of themselves so ahead
of their fundamentals. It's very hard to
put in the valuations or a proper gauge
of their you know um whether they're
whether this is really sustainable. All
right Sami thank you Sami Cha there our
Asia equities reporter there on this
whole frenzy that we're seeing when it
comes to some of these stable coin
stocks as well and some other stories
that were falling out of Asia today. A
one of Hong Kong's last remaining
pro-democracy parties has officially
disbanded. The leader of the League of
Social Democrats cited quote immense
political pressure for the decision.
It's the latest opposition party to
seize operating after Beijing imposed a
national security law on Hong Kong in
2020. The move was aimed at curbing
disscent and ending protests that had
brought the financial hub to a
standstill. Thai Prime Minister Patton
Sinawat's approval rating has plunged
two single digits. thousands rallied in
Bangkok on Saturday amid fallout over
her leaked phone call with former
Cambodian leader Hung in which she
seemed to criticize the Thai army. Now
Hongang himself in a televised address
on Friday pressed for the Thai
premiere's resignation over her handling
of a border dispute between the two
countries. President Trump says he's
found a buyer for the US operations of
social media platform Tik Tok, but won't
provide details for two weeks. Trump
told Fox News it was quote group of a
group of very wealthy people but the
deal will need China's approval and he
expects President Xi Jinping to agree to
it. Trump has said he will extend a
deadline for Bite Dance to sell its US
Tik Tok operations for a third time.
Putting more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, the Chinese startup Nox Robotics
has seen orders triple after its N2
humanoid robot took second place at the
Beijing Marathon's robotics showcase in
April. Founder Jang Juan spoke
exclusively to Bloomberg about the
company's growth and how it plans to
navigate tensions between the US and
China.
The biggest change to our company uh is
that we sold over 2,500
uh robots to our consumers after the
race. The second biggest change is that
a lot of medias and investors are coming
to our company to uh interview me or my
team and to invite How much are you
looking to raise right now? We're
looking to raise over 250 million
Chinese yen uh in the newest round of
fundraising. What valuation are you
doing that at? The newest round of
racing of our company, we are valued at
uh two 200 million US. Before the
humanoid robot race took place, what was
your valuation? Before the marathon
race, our company was uh valued at uh in
Chinese is 500 million u 500 million
Chinese yen. It's like uh
$70 million US. And so 2,500 robots
essentially since the robot race. What
does that mean for your annual
production capacity? And is that
changing? This year we are building
about 2,000 robots. Uh and next year we
plan to build over 10,000 robots. and we
will be uh I I we we we want to be the
first company in the world to produce
more than 10,000 robots. So today, NOIC
robots are sold in China. When would you
look to expand abroad and where would
you go to? In particular, we'll start
our global uh sales in like uh October
or or after.
We we target to sell our robots uh to
North America and Europe. uh and Middle
East. The products that you use or the
components in the humanoids, are they
sourced from China or do you also need
to source products or components from
other parts of the world? Most of the
parts of our robots are uh are
manufactured in China. But there are a
few uh parts of the robots that are from
global suppliers. uh like like we are
using the STM32
uh chip in our uh in our joint motors
and our uh communication boards. Uh we
are using uh Intel Intel chips uh in the
in the computer of our of our robots
and we are using Intel real sense uh
camera in our robots to see the uh
surrounding environments. Besides these,
most of our uh components are
manufactured in in China. But on those
products that you are using and
particularly from the US, do you have
any contingency plans in place if the US
were to further restrict China's access
to technology? Yes, like the STM32 chip
that they can be replaced by GD32 that
is man manufactured in China and we are
uh we are now testing the rock chip CPU
uh to replace the Intel CPU in our
product. Do you see a scenario then
where you're not using any technology
from the US? So I think I think we
should embrace technologies from all
parts of the world. We are thinking
about the extreme situations and we are
having plan B's for for that situation.
And that was Noex Robotics founder Jang
Juen speaking exclusively with Belle
there. And yeah, I always love a good
humanoid robot sort of story. It's just
great TV. I love when they run they run
marathons and the other the other guys
are just running this. And I think also
the the really amazing story around this
and we can get into it more in the next
hour is just how much the the business
fortune has changed since they came
second in that human versus humanoids
event in April of this year. But anyway,
we'll get in the details in the next
hour. Markets now. Yeah, let's take a
look at how some movers are fairing. You
take a look at how the chips sort of
story is evolving in in in China and
that certainly is one of the key kind of
drivers and big moves here today. Okay,
so there was that talk about this chips
fund uh and certainly that is helping
some of the likes of SMIC and Huah both
up some 1% here today. So this $50
billion chip fund switches its TAC to
fight some of these US curves. So that
certainly is helping some of these
domestic players here today. Yeah, also
taking a look at how seafood stocks are
fairing in the session today because
actually they're a little bit I mean I'm
going to say mixed mostly to the
downside so far, but there is talk that
China's looking to resume some Japan
seafood imports. We have already seen
quite a lot of speculation around that.
So maybe already some of the good news
is baked in. Hong Kong property also
another one to watch given we've
actually got local media reporting that
home prices have surged back to a
six-year high or home sales have surged
back to a six-year high in the first
half of this year. Yep. So certainly
we'll watch that. New World obviously uh
getting that that refinancing loan and
deal that certainly is can to lead to
the stock to get higher here this
morning. But you take a look at how
markets are doing. It's pretty quiet out
there. are hanging slightly to the
downside here this morning and what we
saw in that PMI data out of China that
contraction seems to be easing amidst
this sort of trade truce but still we
are still talking about below 50 there
Carlos Kasanova we're talk more about
him from UBP on of course the
internationalization of the remn this is
Bloomberg
[Music]
Well, welcome back to the China show.
Here's a look at the HSI half hour into
the session. And yeah, it's it's a it's
a fast zoom because we're seeing what's
been going on in these markets and and
we're pretty slow going here in China,
but certainly Hang Sang is still seeing
some pressure here. Uh we did get those
PMI numbers at the bottom of the last
hour and it looks like it was slightly
better than expected, but we're still
talking about contraction, but yes, at
least that contraction in the export
sector and the like might be easing now,
but we're still talking about this data
in the middle of this trade truce and
still the numbers aren't that favorable
right now. But certainly there's a lot
to talk about. S&P's back at record
highs once again. You have geopolitical
tensions that are now reduced and it
seems like there's more tailwinds when
it comes to these trade deals with the
US and the rest of the world. Yeah. But
at the same time, I've got to say, maybe
I'm maybe I'm just being pessimistic or
or glass half empty, but elusive,
uncertain. I think they're still some of
the really key words for us because I
mean, you saw that really. Not only is
it just that reaction to the
manufacturing reading today that it's in
contractionary territory, also the
outlook for the second half is still
really unclear with with what exactly
happens with the trade picture. Even
though today, yes, as you said, there is
that that that optimism that you've got
Japan extending their their time in in
Washington, their top trade negotiator
to try and hash out a deal. We're
hearing from sources that India is is
their trade contingent is doing the same
as well. and you had that banner session
really to to end the week for the US on
Friday as well. Stocks rising back to
February highs. So that is translating
across to the sentiment in the session
today. You're seeing a little bit of a
pullback in yields. Gold is is unchanged
after what's been really a stellar run
and you're seeing the dollar still
continuing to be under pressure and
actually that's going to be a really
interesting talking point in the next or
toward in a few minutes from now really.
just talking about where the the dollar
goes from here into the rest of the year
and again a lot of people are saying we
could still see further weakness ahead.
Yeah, there's a great story on the
terminal talking about the past 6
months, right? And and all the sort of
like 2025 outlooks were pretty much
wrong when it came to the US dollar uh
when it come to US exceptionalism and
why you're seeing now the euro is almost
like a mustave or European equities
particularly uh and really people did
not foresee that maybe just about 6
months ago. But let's get to our top
story now. There's just over a week to
go before President Trump's country
specific tariffs are set to resume and
the White House looks to be poised to
fall short of the sweeping global trade
reforms it promised. Let's bring in our
senior editor Bill Ferris. He joins us
now. Uh so we we so far we have a
framework I guess with the likes of UK
with China. Certainly that was big news
last week but overall Bill where are we
right now?
Yeah. Well, we're nine days out from
that uh from when that deadline or that
on on the reciprocal tariffs coming back
into play resumes presumably uh and
still a whole bunch of deal making
trying to go on behind the scenes as you
mentioned negotiators from countries
including Japan and India trying to
extend their stays in Washington to
continue working on this. What we do
know is what we've seen so far is very
far from the 90 deals in 90 days that US
trades Peter Navaro promised at the
start of this process. We're getting uh
so far when you look at the UK and you
look at the the China agreement, we're
seeing very partial framework accords
that leave a lot of details to the
imagination. The UK wanted a full trade
deal. it still doesn't have answers
about steel and aluminum imports that
are subject to a 25% tariff. Uh the
China agreement doesn't look like it's
really fully kicked in when it comes to
rare earth uh magnet exports to the US.
So uh and mixed signals from the
administration in terms of whether there
will be extensions. Uh some countries
might get extensions, some countries
might, according to President Trump,
just get a notice saying
congratulations. This was his wording.
Congratulations. Here's what you're
paying. So, nine days to go and
considerable uncertainty and something
that really spooked investors when it
first emerged in early April.
Bill, do we need to be concerned at all
if we get closer to this to this
deadline and there's still a lot of
countries that haven't got a framework
in place or do we need to be concerned
if the US is announcing trade deals?
When you look into the details, there's
still a lack of clarity.
I I think both. Uh the reality is uh
there's no way the administration and
they are now admitting this will be able
to negotiate or complete deals with
dozens and really more than a hundred
countries. So the risk is that some of
the smaller economies Scott Bessent
alluded to this. Some of the smaller
economies are probably just going to get
assigned a certain tariff rate. That
will be particularly alarming in
Southeast Asia where a lot of those
countries face particularly high tariffs
according to that April 2nd plan. And
then you'll have countries that might
get extensions if they are seen as
negotiating in good faith. So that may
be playing into uh India and Japan
continuing the talks. We have seen
President Trump expressing a lot of
frustration about uh the lack of US auto
exports to Japan. So that may uh signal
an early holdup there. Uh so I think
there will be some continuing talks. Uh,
and there are some countries that are
probably just going to get told what
their new levy is and they'll have to
try to negotiate uh that down later.
Bill, you mentioned there's something
else happening right now over in DC.
This Trump tax bill uh does hit the
Senate. Uh there has been some, I guess,
friction among the GOP itself about what
could come out of this, but voting, we
understand, starts at 9:00 a.m. uh there
as well in the US. So, tell us a little
bit more about what to expect this time.
Yeah, there's still a lot of details
that are out there, but they have set a
time 9:00 a.m. Washington to begin what
they call the voterama. So, that's when
they start taking up all of the various
amendments uh to the main piece of
legislation. And that can include a lot
of things that the House will be fine
going along with, but it could include
some deal breakers when it comes to
additional spending cuts, uh things that
affect Medicare, healthc care coverage
for Americans. So, it's not clear how
that will end up. The Republicans can
still only afford to lose three votes,
but there is some some confidence that
they've scheduled this vote and the
House is telling its members to be
prepared to come back Wednesday morning,
Washington time, to take up votes. So,
it does seem like the log jam is
starting to break, but we're not uh
still clear on what the details of the
final legislation will look like.
That was our Bloomberg senior editor,
Bill Far there. And for further insight
into where trade negotiations stand as
well, Bloomberg's got a really great
interview coming up with the US Treasury
Secretary Scott Bessent. That's
happening later today. You catch that at
the the times that you can see there on
your screen. And let's bring in Mline
strategist Mark Cranfield now to set us
the this week for us. Uh really, you
know, Mark, it seems like we're getting
maybe some news of potential new trade
deals with the US. uh you know this war
in the Middle East seems to be you know
these tensions seem to be coming down
now and certainly there's a lot more
appetite to go into risk now when you
see the US stock market back to all-time
highs what's top of mind for you this
week
yeah I do wonder whether when the when
the calendar ticks over to to July
whether or not people will become a
little bit more cautious all those
things that Bill was talking about
earlier there there'll be much more
front and center for investors when we
actually enter July, which is is just
tomorrow as far as Asia's concerned, and
then they'll have to take all those
things much more seriously. There
there's a hint of complacency about all
of this. It's it's all fine that US
equities are are rising nicely. They hit
a record and yet the risk of something
going wrong here does appear to be be
pretty good actually. I mean the if you
think of what happened back in April
where President Trump enacted
the all those tariffs on people suddenly
markets didn't like it. They sold off
pretty heavily. We're coming up to the
deadline for that where really that we
seem to be in a in a world where people
think that there's going to be more
negotiations and that the tariff that
deadline is going to be pushed back and
it only a few countries like Japan,
India, they're the only ones who seem to
be in the front line for getting
anything done and even then they might
not achieve it by July the 9th. So
investors really are hanging a lot of
faith on President Trump agreeing to
push that deadline further away and that
really makes it a very binary situation
where you're carrying a lot of risk into
something which could go wrong pretty
quickly. So, I wouldn't be at all
surprised if we see people start to trim
some of that exposure over the next few
days just in case we get a repeat of
April where there's an abrupt thing that
hits the markets. People turn very
defensive and then it's reversed again
quickly off. Nobody wants to be caught
in that kind of a meltdown that we saw
around Liberation Day.
Yeah, I I I see where you're coming
from, Mark. Really? I mean, we've got
stocks trading at multi-month highs,
even record highs, just days out from
these trade deadlines, and there's just
still so many unknowns. I'm curious, do
you think that also holiday trading and
and people also taking breaks over this
period could play into the trading
sentiment at all? Because I think
thinner liquidity, of course, that can
exacerbate any moves as well.
It certainly can. Um, and people when
you have reduced liquidity, people are
less willing to go against anything. So,
actually, if we do get an equity
selloff, it'll probably be even more
rapid and severe than we might have got
under normal conditions because there
will be fewer people around to go
against it. It's partly what you're
seeing with the with the US dollar. I
mean, today's fixing from the Chinese
central bank was quite aggressive. They
didn't really need to lower dollar yan
below 716. And yet there we are. They
print a very low number and you can see
from the onshore trading they're still
allowing the yuan to appreciate which
tends to make you think that the Chinese
authorities not only are they backing up
their words that they want to see the
yuan take a bigger global role but also
they seem to think that the the strength
in the euro which we've seen you were
talking about earlier over the past few
months. the Chinese authorities probably
are convinced that has further to go as
well because where the euro goes, the
yuan is usually not very far behind. So
that's a pretty big endorsement of the
fact that you have a trend in the US
dollar to go lower and continue that
way. That's one of the few things, a
theme which may well be able to survive
regardless of what happens with the
tariffs whether they're on or off on
July the 7th or July the 9th. But that
unpredictability in a low liquid market
that could be very high volatility
around that time and it's only just over
a week away. So you it wouldn't be too
surprising if people get a little
defensive before we get there.
That was our Mline strategist Mark
Cranfield there in Singapore. And I'm
really glad you bring up the Chinese
currency as well because uh coming up
next we're going to be taking a deep
dive into the yuan with UBP their
expectation as we see additional 5%
depreciation for the dollar in 2025. Be
taking a look at what that means for the
Chinese yuan as well. But uh one to be
watching very closely so stay tuned for
that. Yep. So we're watching these
headlines coming through when it comes
to potential trade negotiations and the
like. We're hearing from Canada now
where the prime minister Mark Carney and
Trump have agreed the parties will
resume their negotiations here and those
trade talks with the US will be aiming
for a deal by July 21st. So there you
go. It looks like when it comes to
Canada, their deadlines have also now
been pushed a bit uh later here as well
as they iron out some of the details.
Obviously, there's been a lot of talk
about this digital services tax uh which
of course led to a bit of a a setback
for uh Mr. Cardi and the prime minister,
but what we're hearing about that is
Canada says that that June 30th digital
services tax collection will be halted.
That's what we know so far and where
things stand, but we'll bring you the
latest once we do hear uh from more from
Canada as well as the US side on all
this. We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Now, we're doing a bit of a deep dive
into, of course, the Chinese currency
here this morning and looking at its
growing use overseas. Now, there have
been some concerns over the dollar and
really growing amid worries about US
debt and President Trump's policies and
really China seems to be taking
advantage of this sort of backdrop here
right now to roll out new measures to
promote the use of the UN globally. So,
they're easing capital controls for
example, extending expanding crossber
payments. New financial products are
also being launched by foreign
investors. So, it's setting up an
international operation center for the
digital UN in Shanghai as well. But also
there was talk about UN futures uh to
look out for as well. Important to note
though when you put it all into context
that Beijing too has been reducing its
own use of the dollar right the rem
actually became the most used currency
for crossber payments in 2023 and really
overtaking the greenback for the first
time. So really now the when you take a
look at when it comes to UN settlements
uh it now makes up about 26%
uh compared to uh before but really you
know the likes of A&Z is saying that
usage could actually go up to about 40%
by year end. We had a XPOC official
speaking last week say it could actually
go to up to 50% in the near future.
Well, yeah, and as you said, it was that
big focus on the Lu Jay Forum in
Shanghai and these raft of measures that
were announced by the PBC Governor Pan
at that event. But he did talk about his
vision for a new world order with other
major currencies that could end up
rivaling the dollar.
Going forward, uh the international
monetary system is likely to continue
its evolution towards a certain system
where a few uh sovereign currencies
coexist and compete with checks and
balance. Be it a single uh sovereign
currency or small group of sovereign
currencies serve as uh the dominant
currency. the sovereign uh currency
issue should resume assume their
responsibility by strengthening domestic
fiscal discipline and financial
regulation.
Let's bring in our guest. Carlos
Kasanova is MD and senior Asia economist
at UBP. So Carlos, thanks so much for
joining us this morning. We've heard
about this push for yan or further yuan
internationalization for a long time.
We've also heard about ddollarization as
well, but a lot of people would still
keep saying, Tina, there's just really
no alternative to to the US dollar being
the reserve currency. Do you still still
see that being the case?
Morning. So, so yes, that is true. Um,
there is no alternative to the US
dollar. Um but that and is not mutually
exclusive with what Pangon was saying in
Luji which is going forward as we move
into a world where regionalization
trends become more prominent you are
going to see more competition from other
currencies um including the euro uh but
also the rem
positioning for a more fragmented world
um rather than trying to overtake the US
dollar as a global reserve currency
that's uh rather unlikely but we do
think that um reducing dependency on the
US dollar and preparing for a more
diverse world is is something that
they're planning for.
It's we're still talking about very
early stages, right? I mean, the Chinese
currency still accounts for what 2% of
global reserves out there. What sort of
tools do they need to do to really
further promote the global usage of of
the currency? So, that's right. Um in
that very interesting chart that you
showed earlier you see that the remb has
increased in China's crossber payments
and it's now more important than the
dollar but globally we're looking at sub
3% according to swift in terms of global
reserves it's also sub 3% and that's
compared to China's share in global
trade and GDP of around 20%. So
definitely still a long way to go for it
to even be sort of fairly represented um
in multilateral forums. Um if you look
at the trajectory of the MMB, it's been
one of gradual liberalization. So um in
1995 they announced a peg. It was pegged
um until 2005 against the dollar and it
hardly moved. 2005 is a basket but they
allowed some gradual appreciation to
take into account a faster pace of
economic um growth um and also improving
fundamentals. From 2015 onwards um the
basket of currencies is announced.
necessary to move towards transparency
and also with the daily fixing they
allow more volatility um in the currency
to allow that to absorb some of the
external shock with the exception of of
course after the global financial crisis
when it was pegged. So it's a gradual
move towards liberalization. Every 10
years they announce some changes. Um the
last change was 2015. So we are due for
another change that moves us in the
direction of further cap capital account
convertibility. We won't have full
capital account convertability because
of the onshore debt restructuring
efforts. But we are moving further
closer towards that goal. I if the
ultimate goal then is is a free floating
R&B, what would be the next step to
achieving that then? If you say we're
sort of due for another update. Yes,
that's a great question. Um, so then two
things need to happen. First of all, um,
they probably need to rebalance the
composition of the basket to reflect um,
future uh, trade trends. Currently, um,
the US dollar is about 22% of the basket
if you of the CFTS basket if you take
into account the Hong Kong dollar and
and the and the MOP which are linked to
the US dollar. Um and the US is around
15% of um China's exports. Um a little
bit higher if you calculate all of the
reexports via Hong Kong. So it's
balanced. Uh going forwards that share
is going to dwindle and so we need to
increase the allocation to other trade
partners like the euro and uh other
Asian currencies. That's the first thing
that needs to happen. The second thing
that needs to happen is we need to allow
more flexibility. So what we've seen
over the past couple of years of US
dollar strength is that um the the the
back the fact that they want to keep a
stable UN is significantly limiting
their ability to deliver domestic
policy. Um and so if you don't allow the
currency to be more flexible, you reduce
your domestic policy space. So we need
to allow more volatility to absorb some
of that external shock. Um and one final
point um although the US dollar weakness
you know we we think there's a little
bit more downside to that trend at least
3 to 5% this year um is sort of skewing
the discussion away from uh UN weakness.
If you look at the last 10 years since
2015 we've seen approximately 1%
annualized uh weakness of the remb. Um
so in the next 10 years we do think that
there's room for the currency to weaken
further um as they try to defend their
export market share in some key sectors.
How how do you look at what's happening
in the economy as well as a factor,
right? Because the economy is going
through a slowdown. You have
deflationary pressures. You have lower
bond yields. Are those sort of different
sort of I guess headaches for for
authorities in really trying to promote
the UN forward 100%. So um I think if
you look at the past 10 years, there's
been a weakening trend and that
coincides with a structural slowdown in
the Chinese economy and a decline in
yields. um restructuring that onshore
debt is going to take 10 years and it
will entail that the economy slows down
further. That's why um I think they need
to rebalance the currency to allow for a
little bit more structural weakness in
the in the UN as one of the policy tools
at their disposal to try to uh get out
of the of the slump. Otherwise, we end
up in a Japan-like um deflationary uh
last decade. Um and so I do think that
the fundamental drivers of the US dollar
to remov exchange will be that
structural slowdown and the fact that
bond yields will remain quite weak. On
the flip side of course of of the the
dollar yan is is the green back and and
that's also facing its own structural
headwinds. What's your expectation for
for trading for the rest of this year?
So we do think that there is a little
bit of further downside to the US
dollar. um the trade uncertainty is
going to inevitably weigh on sentiment
and we do think that um fiscal stimulus
in the US that should begin to roll out
over the summer months that's going to
add approximately 3 to 4 trillion uh to
the deficit over the next few years. So
combined those two factors will weigh on
on US dollar um in the months ahead. So
we do think that if if you look at the
exchange rate relative to the British
pound or the euro, there is an
additional up to 5% downside between now
and the end of the year. All right,
Carlos, thank you. Great stuff. Carlos
Casad over there, MD and senior
economist Asia at UBP. We're checking
the looney here right now. Just that
news that we brought you just a few
minutes ago with Canada. So uh we did
hear from the Canadian government and
and the Carne administration and they're
saying that they are rescending digital
services tax to advance in those US
trade talks. This was the point of
contention really from President Trump
who said that he was threatening to
terminate those trade talks with Canada
in response to this tax as well. So that
has been halted at least for now as the
two sides do talk a bit further here.
But this was supposed to be one of those
taxes that was really loathed by the
White House and by a lot of tech firms
as well in Silicon Valley. Yeah, we're
watching some of those names like Meta
for instance at the start of trade later
today. But a reminder of course and and
more on that currency focus, we've got
live coverage of a massive monetary
policy panel with J Pal, Christine
Lagard, Kazoua, Andrew Bailey, and also
the the BOK government as well coming up
later this week on Tuesday. That's from
the ECB forum in Portugal, moderated by
our very own Francine Lacqua at 9:30
p.m. Hong Kong time. We'll have plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, checking some movers here and
watching some of these Japanese car
makers. Obviously, with those US and
Japan talks uh underway here, we did
hear from Trump talking about how fair
this whole auto trade is with the likes
of Japan. So certainly we are seeing the
likes of Maza Motors down some 2% here
today. But Bel, you've been focusing a
lot on what's going on in the China chip
sort of space. Yeah, these are really
surging. Huhong Semi SMIC for instance,
as we get under trading today. The big
deal here is that the main chip
investment fund in China is looking to
focus on some of the shortcomings. It's
that continued push for self-reliancy in
the semiconductor industry on the
mainland. Uh more ahead, this is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets just about to go onto their
lunch break. It has been though the
standout so far for the Asian trading
session this morning. The Nikk 225
rising 1.6%. The story around this
relates back to these trade negotiations
which is generally driving optimism. But
Japan the standout because their trade
negotiator has extended his US visit
spurring hopes for a deal. But this is a
fifth straight day of gains here. Yeah,
certainly one to watch what happens.
Right. The Japanese delegation have
stayed a little bit longer in DC. So
maybe a little bit more people are
leaning more positive towards what could
come out of this trade deal. But
certainly what we're watching very
closely is what happens uh with all
these trade deals the US is having or
potential trade deals that the US is
going to have. China is warning though
that countries not to reach agreements
with Washington that would sacrifice
Chinese interests in exchange for tariff
relief. Let's bring in Stephen Angel,
our chief Malaysia correspondent uh with
us here on where things stand right now.
So many moving parts obviously
especially with Canada, the new
announcement also saying that they're
going to scrap the digital services tax.
Uh that is something obviously that
Trump had singled out as why they
stopped negotiating with Canada. Now
Canada is saying they might be able to
reach a deal by the 21st of July. Uh and
obviously you just mentioned the other
trading partners that have that July 9th
uh deadline. India uh negotiators have
been in Washington. So South Korea,
Vietnam, you you just don't know what's
going to happen, especially when Donald
Trump essentially sends out a social
media post saying we can do whatever we
want. I'd like to just send letters to
everybody and say, "Congratulations,
your rate is 25%." But it's not going to
be that easy. But it's going to be, you
know, a lot of headline surfing over the
next 10 days until July 9th to see what
happened. Even Donald Trump alluded to
the fact that they might go a little
sooner on those decisions on the
unilateral reciprocal tariffs to
individual countries. All right, stay
tuned to that. China. Yeah, that's an
interesting uh statement from Ministry
of Commerce uh on Saturday basically
saying that China opposes any country
reaching trade uh deals with the United
States that would sacrifice Chinese
interests in exchange for their tariff
relief. Not surprisingly and not
coincidentally, guess who's going to
Europe uh today and will spend seven
days on in the EU and that is Wangi,
China's top diplomat. He will be meeting
with all the key players obviously
trying to see what that they can do to
alleviate the trade tension that China
and the EU also have but also of course
against the backdrop of more
difficulties with the United States.
You're just uh back from two weeks of
traveling in mainland China and and I'm
curious for for the conversations. Yes,
you had a lot on TV. I'm sure you had a
lot off TV as well. A lot with sources
and and and people that are sort of more
familiar with the negotiations. What was
sort of the main takeaway or the sense
that you got whilst you're over in
China? Well, I think the the biggest
takeaway was that China is still
continuing to look for available markets
for their um dare I say overcapacity in
industrial products whether it's EVs and
batteries and solar and the like.
They're looking for available markets uh
beyond just the United States obviously.
So definitely looking at Europe and see
what kind of uh alleviation of their
trade tensions which Ursula Vanderion
has been quite critical of over the last
few months saying that China has been
weaponizing its monopoly in certain
supply chains alluding of course to
whether it's EVs or rare earth and the
like and also that they're subsidizing
their over capacity. So they have to get
through that but also again I talked to
Africans in China at the World Economic
Forum. uh they see great continued
opportunities to do deals with China and
of course the Middle East has been a big
one. All right, that was our chief North
Asia correspondent Steven Angel there
and let's keep with this conversation on
these trade talks between Beijing and
Washington. The details really still
perhaps to be hammered out, but we can
get to the view of our chief Asia
economist Chung Shu with us this morning
in Hong Kong. And you know, I think this
is sort of one of the the key takeaways
so far is that really there's just so
much uncertainty o over what shape the
framework could actually end up taking.
Yeah, indeed. I think in today's PMI
survey precisely underlines the
uncertainty. uh if you look at some
indicators for the near term they seems
to be showing some positive signs but
clearly there's a lack of confidence
over the
outlook beyond the immediate term. So if
you look at the compon component
suggesting positivity uh that's uh the
output the output um accelerated uh in
it in its expansion and demand is
picking up the demand um expanded for
the first time in three months and uh
and that's mostly driven by domestic
component the export component is is
still shrinking. So those are something
uh positive to say about the very
immediate future but beyond that uh the
firms are not expanding in terms of uh
their employment and in fact the
confidence component reached the lowest
since the uh government's pivot to
progrowth stance last September. So
that's really saying you know maybe
we're okay factories are trying to
produce more in order to meet the
current export demand now but beyond
that uh firms are quite cautious. What's
your take on what we heard last week
with this framework that's been reached
between China and US? What remains in
place? What do you think are some of the
key issues that have been resolved?
Yeah, it's it's positive again for the
very near term. At least it shows that
the um the the talk between the uh the
two countries is continuing and at least
we we know the 90-day truth is going to
hold. But beyond that, I I think that
there are many core issues. I I think
the US continues to focus on the trade
uh imbalance and uh China may help or or
willing to to do some big purchases, but
in terms of greater deeper structural
reforms to to meet certain demand that
that's much much tougher. And Steve was
just mentioning there about one of the
key takeaways from that two-week visit
to mainland China was that that China is
really still looking for new export
markets and and Africa standing out, the
Middle East standing out. How quickly
does that need to happen and can that be
a true replacement then for the US
market? Certainly that's not going to be
a replacement in the very near term. And
so if you talk to firms uh exporters and
the main they will they definitely see
lots of alternative partners and uh more
are coming in but at this point
certainly that's not the substitute for
the massive uh US market. So so the
transition is going to be painful from
China's side. this uh this um
kind of some sort of trade deal will be
very very helpful for China. All right,
Chung Shu, thank you. Our chief Asia
economist there from Blooper Economics
to join us. Uh to talk a little bit more
about this whole potential trade
framework as well. Uh we're checking one
stock particular you know one day it's
love boos. Let's talk about Lapu Gold.
That's basically the other one that
everyone's been talking about. We're
talking about 13% gain here right now.
the outlook people are still quite
positive about and despite the fact that
we're getting very close to that lockup
expiry expiration of that IPO lockup
period which should be pretty
counterintuitive right you should be
actually maybe taking some profits but
then again people are saying look
there's still some positives in the
market right the opening of these new
shops good reception from consumers so
people still very much liking this
company very much and I think it's also
that new consumption play that we're
seeing as well which is the same story
as as Mishe that we've been talking
about this morning but But Lampoo gold
is very much part of this and and
actually if you were to take a look at
the the momentum that we've seen for
tech leaders for instance like Tencent
or Alibaba Xiaomi that's actually been
pretty flat since May. Yeah. But what's
picking up are names like this. Yeah. Is
it becoming more of a crowded trade is
still the key question here. But yes,
you take a look at the stock. We're set
for the biggest gain since April and we
are headed for a record high for Laoo
Gold. We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, support for Thai Prime Minister Pa
Tong Tan Shinowat has slumped to a
single digit in a new opinion poll as
her leadership faces being engulfed by a
diplomatic scandal. Let's get more with
our Bangkok bureau reporter Pat Picha
Tanaka Sen P S P Pat joining us this
morning. So thanks very much uh Pat
Pichcha. But how significant uh was this
protest that we saw?
Sure. Uh the prime minister's dramatic
decline in popularity coincides with
this protest of more than 20,000 people
uh according to police estimates who
gathered on Saturday to call for her
resignation saying that she had betrayed
the country um in a phone call with
former Cambodian leader Hunen that was
leaked earlier this month. Um the
protest had the biggest turnout in years
and quite significantly raised the
political temperature on the ground in
Bangkok with the government still very
much on the brink of collapse and not
really doing much to address this
growing public frustration. And I have
to note that the anger also had to do
with the government's handling of a
larger uh land dispute with Cambodia as
well, which is why we saw the Thai
national flags being waved around
everywhere at the protest scene. And
because nationalist sentiments are
involved, there is also uh further risks
for this protest to escalate with the
protest leaders planning to meet later
this week to decide on a second rally to
further increase the pressure on the
prime minister to step down.
So, so what are you hearing right now?
Are are people concerned about a
possible military coup now?
Definitely, Ivonne, the scene on
Saturday was all too familiar for many
observers of Thai politics as it shows
the convergence of many groups in the
past that have uh rallied against uh
previous Chinowat governments. Actually
many protesters on Saturday had opposed
to and rallied against uh Padongan's
father Takin and aunt Ying Lakshinowat
before with those protests ending in
military coups in 2006 and 2014. So
definitely all this political deja vu is
again putting uh the prospects of
another military coup on everyone's mind
and the main opposition people's party
is now saying uh urging protesters to
withdraw from the movement saying that
if it spirals out of control then it
could set a very dangerous pretext for a
second uh for for another military
intervention. Of course, the army so far
has said that it is uh committed to
democratic principles which suggests
that it will not yet intervene at this
time. But that statement has done very
little to ease the concerns on people's
mind.
Well, none of those factors really bode
very well at all for for government
stability.
Definitely uh the uh the past the
turmoil in the past month has weighed
heavily on uh Thai equities adding
further risks for foreign for foreign
investors who have already sold more
than $2 billion worth of Thai stocks
this year and the benchmark set index
has slumped more than 22% this year and
is now the world's uh worst performer
among major markets globally and let's
also not forget that the markets could
further be rattled with impending
challenges is against the government and
the prime minister. Uh with the
escalation of protests being one key
watch point and also a barrage of legal
petitions that have been launched
against Paton Tan could see her
potentially removed from office and
escalating the political turmoil and
adding further risks to markets.
Yeah. Uh certainly it's certainly the
key thing to watch here when it comes to
what stock traders are looking for and
certainly as you say dja vu once again
papicha. Thank you. Papicha Tanaka San
Pipat, our Bangkok bureau reporter
joining us there. In other headlines
around the world, one of Hong Kong's
last remaining pro-democracy parties has
officially disbanded. The leader of the
League of Social Democrats cited quote
immense political pressure for the
decision. It's the latest opposition
party to seize operating after Beijing
imposed its national security law on
Hong Kong 5 years ago. The move was
aimed at curbing disscent and ending
protests that had brought the financial
hub to a standstill. Senate Majority
Leader John Thun is working to pass
President Donald Trump's tax and
spending bill by July 4th. Now, he is
facing opposition from around eight
Republican senators and must find a
compromise between factions of his
party. Some of them are pushing for
deeper spending cuts, while others are
seeking more funding for health benefits
and renewable energy subsidies.
President Trump says he's found a buyer
for the US operations of social media
platform Tik Tok, but won't provide
details for two weeks. Trump told Fox
News it was a group of very wealthy
people, but the deal will need China's
approval and expects President Xi
Jinping to agree to it. Trump has said
he will extend a debt life for bite
dance to sell its US Tik Tok operations
for a third time. Well, the US Energy
Secretary Chris Wright says the
administration's goal is to secure a
peace deal with Iran following the
strikes on the country's nuclear sites.
Speaking to Bloomberg, he added that
Washington aims to promote commerce, not
conflict in the Middle East. The
sanctions are still in place. No, no
change there. I think the Trump what
what President Trump was referring to
there is, hey, if we make a a large
piece and sanctions come off, uh, Iran
can flourish. Have you got a decent
understanding though, Mr. Secretary, of
just how much Iranian crude is being
consumed and imported already as things
stand despite the sanctions?
We do. So Iran produces about three and
a half million barrels a day and they've
been import they've been exporting about
one and a half million barrels of oil a
day and the maximum pressure campaign
that President Trump did in his last
term tamp that down to only a 100 or
200,000 barrels a day. They cut off 90%
of it. That was a possible strategy here
as well, but hadn't been implemented
yet. We tried to give negotiations
uh a chance. See if we can do it without
maximum pressure. So, is maximum
pressure still on the table? Or is the
administration walking away from that?
Well, the goal right now, of course, is
is to get a peace deal, is to get peace
into the Middle East and and spread the
focus on commerce, not conflict. So, no,
it's not actively being discussed right
now, but the situation is still dynamic
there. We want to see peace, prosperity,
and security as the future of the Middle
East. When it comes to what's going on
in Iran as well in terms of the IAEA,
the foreign minister said yesterday that
basically they have no plans to having
the director general Raphael Gross in
Iran and doesn't sound like they're
willing to give the inspectors the
space, time, and access they need to
look at these nuclear facilities. What
is the United States response to that?
Yeah, look, this is this is early on.
This is early on. Iran has just had most
of its nuclear program entirely
devastated by Israel and the United
States. Uh they're a little bit humbled.
They're a little bit shell shocked right
now. So yeah, I wouldn't put too much
weight on those words, but a final peace
deal certainly has to have confidence in
a dismantlement of the Iranian nuclear
program and that people can have
security. It won't be resurrected in the
future. You deal with a lot of nuclear
at the energy department before the US
strikes, but after the Israeli strikes.
Raphael GCI told us that the IAEA cannot
verify where the 400 kg of 60% enriched
uranium in Isvahan was currently where
where it was. Was it still there? Do the
Iranians take it out? Doesn't the IAEA
need to go in and verify where this
enriched uranium is?
I think that's quite likely part of a
future negotiation or a future deal.
And that was the US energy secretary
Chris Wright speaking to Bloomberg's
John Pharaoh and Amarie Horder. Now
subscribers can watch us live and see
our past interviews on our interactive
TV function TV go. You can also dive
into any of the securities or group
functions that we talk about and become
part of the conversation by sending us
instant messages. Check it out at TV go.
[Music]
You're watching the China show and yeah,
you know it there's no really good show
at the China show unless you show
humanoid robots doing something today,
right? I love this. Okay, so this is the
humor of robots taking a pitch in
Beijing's exhibition match. So this was
the first in China. And what's
interesting, Bel, we're talking about,
you know, this is not actually people,
you know, like the marathon ones that
you were showing that were people were
actually controlling them. This is all
powered by AI technology.
Yeah. So it tells you just how far the
autonomy is progressing. And I think
this is what makes it so interesting
because, you know, China is really
developing a lead here. When you talk
with a lot of the different robotic
startups, they kind of say a similar
thing, which is the hardware is there
and they have the capabilities in that
sector, but it's the software side that
still needs to catch up because you want
these humanoids ultimately to progress
to being in household situations where
they're going to have to deal with a lot
of different factors and a lot of
different different situations. And so
that is where it becomes a lot more
difficult moving them out of factories
and into the household even though
you're seeing I mean yeah this is just
so fantastic especially when you track
it put it up against what we've seen
this year. So we got the soccer match
here we had the the boxing match or the
kickboxing match in Hjo in in hosted by
Uni Tree and then we kicked it off this
year in April as well with the human
versus humanoids race. But actually, uh,
we had an interview with the company
that came second in that humanoids race
in in Beijing. No, I just love that
there's a referee, too. But yeah, I
mean, the fact that this is fully
autonomous and using AIdriven strategies
is is fascinating to me. So, there's no
actual human intervention in all this.
But yes, they
just so good to watch. I love it.
Anyways, it is great. No, because I
think I think when you take a look at
who's going to be the big winner out of
this industry that Croup says could be
worth $7 trillion by 2050. I mean this
is clear which other country in the
world right now is able to even host a
game that looks like this. Uh but going
back as well we said that that Beijing
marathon that was held in April of this
year actually the company that came
second in that was No Tix Robotics and
we had an interview with them and and
what we learned out of that is that
they've seen their orders triple after
that race took place. It just tells you
how much more attention that that that
event brought the company as well. We
spoke to to the founder of it. This is
Jung Juan speaking about the domestic AI
race and competition in the sector. Take
a listen.
I don't think competition is the
mainstream of the humanoid industry.
Right now, we are all a targeting at
using using humanoid robots to uh to
help us do houseworks in uh in families.
We're not doing that really well right
now. How far are we away from humanoids
actually being used in household
situations? I cannot say like uh after
how many years we can see robots working
in families or working house household
situations. But uh I think the uh the
the only thing or the uh the main thing
that is uh holding us from reaching that
uh household humanoid robots is uh data.
I think like maybe three to five years
we can see robots in families because
after 3 to five years we are collect we
have we maybe uh at that time we have we
have collected uh enough data for uh
robots to work in families. What's your
prediction around how much humanoid
robots for household settings will
eventually cost? I think it will be
below $2,000.
When do we get to that $2,000 price
point? I think uh at that price maybe we
need to sell over a million a million
robots uh annually to reach that price.
And I I I have no idea how how how long
can we get to the situation that we can
sell over a million robots uh in u in a
year.
And that was Nox Robotics founder Jang
Juan speaking exclusively there with
Belle. a great interview and certainly
one to watch here in the humanoid sort
of space. Uh we got to talk about
another thing that's really kind of very
timely and and and a hit these days.
Squid Game, right? Did you guys watch
this third season that just came out? I
know a lot of friends have just binge
watched it. Well, in terms of the
market, seems like there's a bit of
disappointment. I maybe it's the fact
that it's the final season and not
making anymore, but some of these Squid
Game related stocks are actually tanking
right now. Yeah, I was curious as to to
why this was. I've tried to sort of like
canvas people that are in my orbit at
least that that watch this over the
weekend. Uh look, the reviews on it I
think have been okay, but maybe it was
because I think the second sort of
segueed into the third and and maybe
that's sort of playing into it today,
but certainly it has been really what
put or another reason that the Korean uh
production companies have been put onto
the global map. the 83% approval rating
among professional critics. 51% approval
rating from the audience according to
Ronapat. Yeah. All right. Next thing to
watch is of course also a lot of drama
going on in Thailand, right? You take a
look at what's been going on with the
prime minister. These protests over the
weekend and yes, we're still talking
about one of the world's worst equity
markets here because of all this
political uncertainty. That market opens
up next in the next hour. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]